"Like we have two years later, I will only be able to purchase one of those hotels with that one to a lot of things. For example, in thank you. So what do we mean by this? So going on with the same example? If she gave you a year, she's not using it. We what you invested in the stock pocket. No profit. You would have earned percentage over the 100. True for diagnosis and to an expectation from you. Absolutely right. Anything else that we samefunction? Sorry. The opportunity cost in one case, Yes. Does everybody have an opportunity cost? So how do you actually go right now or monitor actually investing right now? Investing money investing. So investing, investing in the terms of either banking product solution panel, stop or running a parallel business. That's what I meant when I said you are working right now. All right. I how many of you? 1-2-3 the others are. So instead of portunity class, I left my job and I was getting around 50,000 over now I lent to my aperture forced here while after coming in 20 to 50 in fair enough into Portia pressure. So also if I put the money saving account, click on it. That is my opportunity from. So everybody has an opportunity cost. Right. And if you're actually not enough putting some money in savings account, what you do with money you'll save and invest most of the table, then Yes or no? I mean, there is a relation with the demon guy actually rings the Bell a sub for delivery. Right. What is the kind of emotion? Second is George, satisfaction do satisfy the satisfaction, isn't it? So even if you don't invest money and you don't have the portrait report, but everybody has a consumption motive. You consume more in consumption of a relates to satisfaction, right. Which can be converted into one. Right. Right. I I exactly also know that. So the consumption motive is high at the end of the time. So all of this taken together, contribute to one rate of a rate of interest is value money. So suppose I could demand supplies or drop. Andeight suppose you want to treat money as an article. Right is a quantity of color, one axis. What is the of the other accident is the download. So we go again. Demand. Do you get it? So your rate of press Cole demand more money cost? Fair enough. And that's where the danger is the price slash pass or value money. Give me more any questions here? All right. Now, what do I want to do is get on the concept of interest and get through a few building cornerstone principles of petal. We."